Harini Ashok (+91) 7010808133 | aharini2008@gmail.com

INTERNSHIP EXPERIENCE

 

NVIDIA Graphics Pvt Ltd
Deep Learning Research Intern , Jan 2020 —- May 2020

¢ Worked on research in Generative Neural Networks with a focus on Image Reconstruction.
¢ Built two Image inpainting models using GANs, using Tensorflow and PyTorch.

Delium Technologies
Computer Scientist Intern, May 2019 - July 2019

¢ Worked on the core of Customer Insights — module of the company’s retail automation product “The Eye”.

¢ Performed Data Analysis on Retail datasets to find correlation between a large number of products, and found links between customer
churn and specific product availability along with customer buying patterns.

Infotech Software Dealers Association
Event Management Intern , November 2018 - January 2019

¢ Interned as an Event Organizer for the international event - TechSummit 9 organized by ISODA.
¢ — Responsible for handling logistics, co-ordinating sponsors and speakers for the event.

Futurenet Technologies India Pvt Ltd.
Data Analyst Intern, November 2017 - January 2018

¢ Worked on visualization and prediction for Key Performance Indicators in sales.
¢ Analysed company’s yearly sales data to find lead contributor to profits in various aspects.

PROJECTS

 

Resume Parser
¢ Created a tool for analyzing resumes, that extracts the desired information and and inserts the information into a database.
¢ Built a UI to facilitate browsing parsed resumes and uploading new resumes dynamically.

Image Inpainting
¢ Used Generative Adversarial Neural Networks to perform Semantic Image Inpainting.
¢ Built an Inpainting model using DCGANSs and one using Deep Image Prior.

Customer Segmentation for Retail Automation
¢ Created a Python based script to perform Customer Segmentation using Recency, Frequency and Monetary Analysis.

Automation of detection of choking in Air Filters
¢ Smart India Hackathon 2019 finalist, Designed a working prototype using Python and Raspberry Pi to automate choking detection.

¢ Created a website to notify choking percentage and visualize it over a time period. The prototype notifies by E-mail and text message,
whenever air filter is about to be choked.

Real time Object Detection with Voice Feedback
¢ Created a Deep Learning model using YOLO (You-Only-Look-Once) algorithm that predicts the position of real time images fed through a
webcam. It translates the object coordinates into voice feedback.

EDUCATION

 

Sri Venkateswara College of Engineering
Bachelor's of Engineering in Computer Science and Engineering, May 2020

¢ = CGPA: 9.25
* 2019-2020 Secretary | ACM Student Chapter
O Co-headed a team of 40 and organised technical symposium and department level events. Organized a 24 hour, inter-college college Hackathon. Raised
funds over 50,000 INR.
O Volunteered in organizing Webinars for women in Tech, an inter-college coding run last winter, seminars and guest lectures inside the college, on various
topics.

* 2018 — 2019 Secretary | Rotaract Club
O Part of the mentoring team for the Communication and English skills program designed to help students with non-English primary course of instruction.

SKILLS & PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES

 

¢ Programming Languages: Python, R, C/C++, HTML/CSS, MySQL, Javascript
¢ Packages: Tensorflow, PyTorch, Scikit Learn, Numpy
¢ Web-frameworks: Django, Flask
